Instructions for Running Locally (#1)
mitre/fhir-exercises: README.md

PRS Release Number: 21-3456

## Getting Started

**System Requirements:**
* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

**Set up a virtual environment (_Optional_)**

It can be helpful to set up a virtual environment to isolate project dependencies from system dependencies.
There are a few libraries that can do this, but this documentation will stick with `venv` since that is included
in the Python Standard Library.

```shell

> # Create the virtual environment
> python3 -m venv venv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a virtual environment in a `venv/` folder
python3 -m venv venv/
```

This makes it a bit clearer what is going on here
